README.md, before:

# Privacy Policy & Support for Foxhound

## Privacy Policy for Foxhound

Matthew Santamaria built the Foxhound app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Matthew Santamaria at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

**Mobile Device Access**

We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, namely your mobile device's Camera and/or Photos. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so anytime in your device's settings.

For a better experience, while using our Service, you may provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party services due to the following reasons:

*   Text recognition of images (Firebase ML Kit); [Firebase Privacy Policy](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/) / [Google Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13\. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to carry out the necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at msantam2@gmail.com

## Support for Foxhound

If users of this service are seeking support, please contact msantam2@gmail.com

Commit message:

change app name in README from Foxhound to WordFinderMate

README.md, after:

# Privacy Policy & Support for WordFinderMate

## Privacy Policy for WordFinderMate

Matthew Santamaria built the WordFinderMate app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Matthew Santamaria at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

**Mobile Device Access**

We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, namely your mobile device's Camera and/or Photos. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so anytime in your device's settings.

For a better experience, while using our Service, you may provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party services due to the following reasons:

*   Text recognition of images (Firebase ML Kit); [Firebase Privacy Policy](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/) / [Google Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy)

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13\. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to carry out the necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at msantam2@gmail.com

## Support for WordFinderMate

If users of this service are seeking support, please contact msantam2@gmail.com
